README.md, before:

<!-- Improved compatibility of back to top link: See: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/pull/73 -->
<a name="readme-top"></a>
<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Don't forget to give the project a star!
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->



<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->

<br />
<div align="center">

<h3 align="center">Two Folder Synchronizer</h3>
<p align="center">
    A C# console application to synchronize two folders
  </p>
</div>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

A C# console application to do a one-way synchronization between two folders. The synchronization process will run periodically based on the the delay given. All operations executed during the synchronization process will be written in the log file provided.

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Running the program

1. Prepare the following parameters:
   ```sh
   The path to source folder, the target folder and the log file.
   The synchronization delay in seconds
   ```
3. Open a terminal window in the project directory
4. In your terminal window, run the executable `TwoFolderSynchronizer.exe` with the data in step 1 as follows:
   ```sh
   .\bin\Debug\net7.0\TwoFolderSynchronizer.exe [PathToSourceFolder] [PathToTargetFolder] [SynchronizationDelayInSeconds] [PathToLogFile]
   ```

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Shady Zahran - zahran.shady@gmail.com

Project Link: https://github.com/ShadyZahran/TwoFolderSynchronizer

Commit message:

fix: running steps numbering and terminal example Fixed the steps numbering added example of terminal command with real parameters

README.md, after:

<!-- Improved compatibility of back to top link: See: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/pull/73 -->
<a name="readme-top"></a>
<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Don't forget to give the project a star!
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->



<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->

<br />
<div align="center">

<h3 align="center">Two Folder Synchronizer</h3>
<p align="center">
    A C# console application to synchronize two folders
  </p>
</div>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

A C# console application to do a one-way synchronization between two folders. The synchronization process will run periodically based on the the delay given. All operations executed during the synchronization process will be written in the log file provided.

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Running the program

1. Prepare the following parameters:
   ```sh
   The path to source folder, the target folder and the log file.
   The synchronization delay in seconds
   ```
2. Open a terminal window in the project directory
3. In your terminal window, run the executable `TwoFolderSynchronizer.exe` with the data in step 1 as follows:
   ```sh
   .\bin\Debug\net7.0\TwoFolderSynchronizer.exe [PathToSourceFolder] [PathToTargetFolder] [SynchronizationDelayInSeconds] [PathToLogFile]
   ```
4. Example:
   ```sh
   .\bin\Debug\net7.0\TwoFolderSynchronizer.exe "C:\SourceFolder" "C:\TargetFolder" 5 "C:\logfile.txt"
   ```

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Shady Zahran - zahran.shady@gmail.com

Project Link: https://github.com/ShadyZahran/TwoFolderSynchronizer
